{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 It required two type of logics to be implemented into the processing of the orders object. Limit order and stop limit order under each have some other conditions stated bellow.\
\
(1)Limit orders                             (2) Stop-Limit orders\
\
\
GTC - Good Till Cancelled.                     GTC--\
GTD - Good Till Date.                          GTD--\
FOK - Fill or Kill                             FOK--\
PO - Post Only                                 PO--\
Notification.                                  Notification.\
\
\
\
Limit orders we have:\
\
  GTC- When this order is accepted, it should remain in effect  for 90 days unless executed by the matching engine or cancelled by the client.\
\
GTD - This order should be accepted and filled into the order book. It must the executed by the date   specified by the client. Backend should create a function for the user to input a desired date. Backend should create a service that monitors dates specified by client, the service should send a notification the matching engine to cancel the order if it has not been executed by the specified date.\
\
FOK -  When this order is accepted, it must be matched and executed in its totality. Otherwise, it should be cancelled by the system. The order should remain in the system for 90days if it is not matched.\
\
PO - This order should be accepted and filled into the limit order book and cancelled whenever there  is a match. Backend should create a services that monitors PO orders. The service should send a notification to the matching engine for order cancellation whenever there is a match.\
\
Limit price: Backend should create a function that allows the user the input the lowest price they are willing to accept for a trade.\
\
\
Stop-Limit order we have:\
\
User should have the possibility to set the trigger price.\
\
User should have the possibility to set the limit order price.\
\
User will have the possible to input the amount of base currency he wants to buy or input the total amount of quote currency he wants to spend.\
\
System should find the best limit order execution possible based on the limit order type.\
\
If a user inputs the amount of base currency to be bought or sold, system should automatically calculate the equivalent quote currency after deducting the necessary exchange fees and vice versa.\
\
\
Market depth : Using the following parameters; \
\
               .Buy price level of the selected instrument.\
\
               .Total Buy quantity at the price level.\
\
                 .Total sum of the quote equivalent of the Bid quantity.\
\
                .Sell price level of the selected instrument.\
\
                 .Total sell quantity at the price level.\
                 .Total sum of the quote equivalent of the sell quantity.\
\
\
\
Order type:\
\
Market order: \'93Your order will be executed at the most favourable current market price.\'94\
\
Limit order: \'93You order will be executed at the specified price point or higher.\
\
Stop-Limit order: \'93Your order will be converted and executed as a limit order at this price point.\'94\
\
\
}